Last year's published final figures were
about private insurers' contribution or market share motor insurance.
So this is approximately
close to more than 8 percent on an off-base basis. Our
advisor and in-banker thing is that I where
your premium increases rate will be. Now, my
name is Amresh Save. I am part of the health
vertical at IC. So, as we just talked about our
new health offering by the name
Elevate, Elevate is the name of our new
health insurance product.
We have launched many innovative features in it. And
I would like to share a few features about it
which are industry first. No
other product has these features. So,
one is a product feature by the name Infa
Care. This is an add-on. What happens in Infa Care? Suppose
you have taken a sum assured of Rs. 10 lakh, then
any of your medical
needs are covered only up to Rs. 10 lakh.
Expenses above Rs. 10 lakh are not covered in it.
Even if  The claim has come, it will be paid
under Infa Care, so that is the
beauty of Infa Care and as I
explained, suppose a claim of 25 lakhs has come
but your policy is of 10 lakhs, then
also due to Infa Care, a big claim during the
policy tenure will be paid under
this product, so that is the beautiful feature of
Infa Care. Secondly, I would like to talk
about Power Booster, so
what happens in Power Booster, a product feature, is that
your sum should increase by 100% every year,
so take a small example, suppose
my sum shot today is 10 lakhs, next year
due to Power Booster it will become 20 lakhs,
after that 30 lakhs, 40 lakhs and this will go up to
infinity, now
how is it different from the market, there is difference in two things, in all the
products in the market, the
guaranteed increase of the same shot, it happens
up to 5x, 7x, 10x, now it happens, then
someone says that today your sum shot  The maximum is 10 lakhs, I will
stop it at 50 lakhs, some
say I will stop it at 7-70 lakhs, but
due to these power boosters in Elevate, your time
shot goes up to infinity, so there is
no limit to it, so after 10 years it will become
1 crore, after that and after 10 years
it will become 2 crores, so that is the power
of this feature and one unique part in this is
that this feature which is available in the market
says that I will
not be able to increase your time shot in the year in which your claim has come,
but under power booster your time
shot is going to increase 100% confirmed irrespective of whether
you have taken a claim or
not taken a claim, so this is the beauty of
power booster which is the third element of
infinity up to 7 crores, what have we done in Elevate,
if any customer wants that
from day one I want infa coverage to my
product, why should I limit it to
only 3 crores  5 crore,
in the base product itself the customer can opt for an
unlimited sums up to infinity, so he can just say I do
n't need an infinite waiting period and that is the beauty of this
product that in the base itself the customer can
opt for this. There is another great feature called Jump
Start. So what happens in Jump Start?
Generally every product in the market
says that if you have any pre-assisting
illness or disease, it will get covered
after three years or four years depending on
the product. So Elevate also has a
waiting period of one year. But if the customer
opts for Jump Start, then this three-
year window reduces to
one month 30 days, so from 31st day the
customer gets covered in this product with the
help of Jump Start. So by taking Jump Start, the
customer gets peace of mind from 31st day,
even for his pre-assisting, so he doesn't have to wait
for three months. So this is a very
great feature.  We have brought these three-four features
in this product and the most
important part which I
shared with you earlier is the AI ​​part, the
Artificial Intelligence. So this again
is very unique. As today customers have a lot of
products and
add-ons in the market, so many times there is a lot of confusion as to
which feature should I take and what is
best for me. So we have an
Artificial Intelligence feature.
What happens in this is if the customer says I am
of this age group, I am a family of
two, I have two children, so we are a family
of four, the age of the children is this, my income
group is this, I am looking at whether I need a
sum assured cover of 20 lakh rupees and whether I am from here,
Kanpur or
Lucknow, on the basis of all this
combination our AI engine will recommend a set
of features and some advanced ones. We will recommend from our side
and this recommendation is
not mandatory at all, but this
is a complete study of the customer segment, this is a
family of four with  This is the age of children
extra, extra, with this we
want to recommend, this is given from
our side, so this is the AI ​​engine which is
not present in any product in the market,
we are launching this for the first time from Elevate, which we
think is going to be a
very powerful tool where
we recommend to the customer that if you take this then it
is the best recommendation for you and like I said this
is not mandatory, this is up to the
customer that if they want to take it then they can take it,
so these are the core features of Elevate, which
as I am telling you again, these are
industry first and extremely
innovative and from where we believe,
our understanding is that the customer gets
complete peace of mind and the
customer gets a lot of personalization,
personalization means if they want then take the base feature, take the
recommendation feature, take info care, take jump
start
c